Friends, Gone are the days, when India was considered to be among the ‘Fragile Five’. Today, we are the fastest growing economy in the world. Powered by the Hundred and Twenty Five Crore people of India, we will grow even faster. As per an international report, poverty is declining in India at a record pace. 5 crore people have moved out of poverty in the last two years according to the report. 
Who do you think is making this possible? It is the people of India. The Government can only play the role of an enabler. It is the youth, who are not only making use of available opportunities but also creating new ones themselves. Friends, Today’s India is doing nothing small. Just like the aspirations and power of the youth, India is doing big, transformative things. More than 3 crores children have been vaccinated thus boosting the health of India’s future. This is a big number. Who’s at the lead of this? Young doctors, nurses, support staff and volunteers. 
India built 1.75 lakh kilometres of rural roads in the last 4 years. Who built them? Young labourers and workers. India made electricity reach every single village in the last 4 years. Eighteen thousand villages were electrified and this target was completed on time. Now, we are electrifying every home. Eighty Five lakh homes have been electrified since October 2017. Who brightened the homes of their fellow citizens? Young Electricians and Technicians. Who made 4 crore and 65 lakhs gas connections reach the poor? Yet again, India’s youth. And, they did this not for themselves but out of care and concern towards poor women, many of whom live in rural areas. 
More than one crore homes have been built for the poor in the last 4 years.Friends, A few days ago, an 18-year-old from the rice fields of Assam captured the attention of the entire world. I am talking about Hima Das. In her run, you can see the grit and power just shine through. In fact, there are such youngsters bringing home medals and records. They represent New India. They overcame steep odds, showed great determination and achieved great heights. We are a top sporting power in badminton, doing well in shooting, weight-lifting and many more sports. Those bringing home the medals are from smaller towns. They belong to simple middle class or neo-middle class families. Young India feels “Anything is possible! Everything is achievable.” This spirit will drive India’s growth.
Who did it? It was young engineers, masons and labourers who made this possible. 
These numbers are mostly only in crores! They are big numbers. Why are these big numbers possible? Because of another big number the 800 million people of India under the age of 35.Friends, India needs great road infrastructure Bharatmala is building thousands of kilometres of roads for it. India needs port-led development Sagarmala is helping build infrastructure for it. 
India needs to go digital in public service delivery JAM trinity got us there. India needs a clean economy increased digital payments and innovations like BHIM App are taking us there. India needs a unified / and simplified tax structure GST is for that. India needs to unlock the power of air travel UDAN is to get even the poor to fly. 
India needs more skilled manpower Skill India is for that. India needs villages connected with i-ways we have laid 2.7 lakh km of optical fiber network connecting more than a lakh gram panchayats. India needs more entrepreneurs Mudra and Standup India are for that. India needs affordable healthcare Ayushman Bharat is for that. India needs its startup generation to prosper today you can register a startup very quickly. There is a level playing field in public procurement for startups too! We are future-proofing India in every way, enabling New India to take off.Friends, when development is our only aim, we remain sensitive to people’s concerns and aspirations. When we are receptive to people, it reflects in policies becoming simpler. When we remove red-tape and make policies easier, we bring more FDI. When we bring more FDI, we create more industries in India. When we create more industries, we create more employment opportunities. When we create more employment opportunities, we empower the youth to improve his future. When the future of every citizen improves, the future of India and stature of India in the world improves!Friends, New India is that land, Where you make your name, your name does not make you. Where your ideas matter, not your influence. Where opportunities beckon instead of obstacles. Where a billion aspirations, find free flowing expression. Where the journey to progress is powered by one and all, instead of a select few. It is the place, where processes drive progress, instead of people influencing processes. Where the Government belongs to everyone, instead of everything belonging to the Government.

Where the power of hope prevails over mindless hate.

Where 125 crore Indians write their own destiny instead of being left to their own fate. This is our New India!	